tiup: restriction about DXF (#19632)
pingcap/docs: upgrade-tidb-using-tiup.md

- Cluster DDLs:

>     - If you use [smooth upgrade](/smooth-upgrade-tidb.md) to upgrade TiDB to v8.1.0 or later, and the [Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md) is enabled, it is recommended to disable the DXF before upgrading. Otherwise, the indexes added during the upgrade period might be inconsistent with the data and lead to the upgrade failure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you use [smooth upgrade](/smooth-upgrade-tidb.md) to upgrade TiDB to v8.1.0 or later, and the [Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md) is enabled, it is recommended to disable the DXF before upgrading. Otherwise, the indexes added during the upgrade process might be inconsistent with the data, leading to upgrade failures. 
```

>     - If you use [smooth upgrade](/smooth-upgrade-tidb.md), you do not need to check the DDL operations of your TiDB cluster. You do not need to wait for the completion of DDL jobs or cancel ongoing DDL jobs. However, if you are upgrading to v8.1.0 or later, and the [Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md) is enabled, it is recommended to disable the DXF before upgrading. Otherwise, the indexes added during the upgrade period might be inconsistent with the data and lead to the upgrade failure. 

Author: ```suggestion
    - If you use [smooth upgrade](/smooth-upgrade-tidb.md) to upgrade TiDB to v8.1.0 or later, and the [Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md) is enabled, it is recommended to disable the DXF before upgrading. Otherwise, the indexes added during the upgrade period might be inconsistent with the data and lead to the upgrade failure. 
```
